JOSEPH W. LAFALCE
New York, NY  •  LinkedIn


DYNAMIC PARTNERSHIPS AND BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT LEADER

Senior partnerships and business development leader with 20+ years building and scaling enterprise partnerships at the intersection of content, digital media, social platforms, and creator ecosystems. Proven track record launching innovative platform integrations with Snap, TikTok and Meta, negotiating complex, multi-stakeholder deals, and leading cross-functional teams across media, entertainment, fintech, and technology. Deep relationships across social platforms, digital media, retail, and payments ecosystems. Extensive C-suite engagement and a proven ability to drive strategic alignment, influence product roadmaps, and close high-impact partnerships.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
IMPRINT  •  New York, NY	March 2025 – Present
GM of Growth, Specialty Retail and eCommerce
Lead growth for the Specialty Retail and eCommerce vertical; manage a team of 4 GMs responsible for growing and optimizing co-branded credit card programs, including Rakuten, Fanatics, Brooks Brothers, and Eddie Bauer.
Successfully launched the Rakuten American Express Card program, exceeding launch acquisition goals by 20% and spend-per-active-account forecast by 50%.
Drove ~$175M in gross portfolio transaction volume across Brooks Brothers, Eddie Bauer, and Rakuten in 2025.
Supported closing the Fanatics partnership; partnered with Product to develop key net-new program features including VIP and Waitlist cardholder experiences. Developed omni-channel GTM strategy across the full portfolio of Fanatics operating divisions.
Serve as primary point of contact for senior executives at program partners; manage complex cross-functional collaboration with Marketing, Product, Finance, Risk, Compliance, and Legal. Fully media trained; represent Imprint at key industry conferences and speaking engagements.
LENDIO  •  Lehi, UT (remote)	February 2023 – March 2025
Vice President, Business Development
Hired to lead the launch of a new embedded lending SaaS product; built the BD team from the ground up, developed go-to-market strategy, and defined priority verticals and partner targets.
Sourced, closed, and onboarded 30+ enterprise partnerships including Visa, Dunn & Bradstreet, Paychex, and Lowe's; achieved 97% contract renewal rates YOY.
Increased annual partnership revenue by $27M and EBITDA by $6M through successful deployment of the SaaS BD strategy.
BLOCK (AFTERPAY / CASH APP)  •  New York, NY	August 2019 – February 2023
Lead, Emerging Business, Afterpay and Cash App  |  Global Head of Strategic Partnerships, Afterpay
Joined as the 50th US Afterpay employee; built and led the global strategic partnerships function through Block’s $29B acquisition of Afterpay, scaling the team and partnership portfolio through full integration with Block.
Pioneered Afterpay’s social platform commerce strategy, integrating Afterpay into Meta, TikTok, and Snap and unlocking access to over $10B in GMV. 
Developed and launched Afterpay’s U.S. gift card marketplace, closing a strategic partnership with Prezzee to power the marketplace backend. Operated and scaled the business, including P&L management. Grew business to $1B+ topline revenue run rate.
Negotiated exclusive enterprise partnerships with Simon, Westfield, and Caruso malls to grow Afterpay’s In-Store product, driving a 30% increase in In-Store usage at select doors.
Post-acquisition, scaled Afterpay partnerships across Cash App Pay; led engagements with mega-merchants including Airbnb, Live Nation, and McDonald’s, representing total GMV in excess of $50B.
POPSUGAR  •  New York, NY	August 2017 – August 2019
Vice President, Business Development & Partnerships
Developed and led global business development strategy across commerce, content syndication, platforms, and strategic partnerships for one of the leading digital media and creator lifestyle brands.

Led Popsugar’s relationships with Instagram, Facebook, YouTube, TikTok and Snap. Created and executed an exclusive co-sell partnership with TikTok, allowing Popsugar to market TikTok-powered ad products to brand partners. Grew Popsugar’s Instagram reach by over 200% in one year through innovative acquisition-and-merge strategy. Strengthened brand’s influence in existing and new verticals across all distributed platforms.
Restructured affiliate commerce strategy, transitioning from third-party platform to direct retailer relationships with Amazon, Walmart, and Nordstrom, among others, and driving 100% YOY net revenue increase.
Built strategic co-selling partnership portfolio generating $4M+ incremental revenue with partners including Complex Media, Univision, Apartment Therapy and Barry’s Bootcamp.
TIME INC.  •  New York, NY	June 2010 – August 2017
Executive Director, Head of Business Development, Entertainment, Style & Luxury
Sourced and closed People’s launch partnership on Snapchat Discover, one of the platform’s earliest media partnerships. Generated $6M+ in revenue in 2016 and established PEOPLE as a top-tier Discover publisher.
Structured and executed key content partnerships to grow unique users and add editorial value to the PEOPLE and Entertainment Weekly digital platforms, helping drive the #1 position in the comScore Entertainment News category.
Developed and led ecommerce strategy for Time Inc. Entertainment through partnerships with Joyus (early video ecommerce), Amazon, Skimlinks, and Gilt; grew business to $4M topline revenue in under two years.
Led strategic deal team on Time Inc.’s acquisition of HelloGiggles; partnered with Corporate Development to evolve commercial relationship into acquisition target, negotiated deal terms, modeled 5-year valuation, and successfully closed transaction.
Developed and launched a new content syndication business for Time Inc. Entertainment and Style, generating $1.5M in net revenue in year one. Managed a team of 3 Partnership executives.
SLING MEDIA, INC.  •  New York, NY	April 2008 – June 2010
Director, Content Strategy and Acquisition
Built and executed content acquisition strategy for Sling.com at the dawn of the streaming era; sourced, negotiated, and closed 50+ content and strategic partnerships with networks, studios, and distributors during tenure.
Implemented TV Everywhere strategy via Authenticated and Electronic Sell-Through (EST) content deals, Remote Scheduling, and Placeshifting, establishing foundational partnerships that shaped early streaming infrastructure.
Worked closely with Legal team to evaluate and turn contracts; served as lead liaison and partner advocate to Product, Editorial, Development, and Senior Management.
OXYGEN MEDIA, LLC.  •  New York, NY	December 2002 – December 2007
Director, Business Affairs
Negotiated and closed digital distribution partnerships with Google/YouTube, iTunes and MobiTV, contributing to revenue-generating deals across emerging digital platforms at a time when streaming and mobile content were nascent.
Served as Business Affairs executive-in-charge for all ancillary distribution projects spanning international, home video and VOD; led cost analysis, rights clearances, deal negotiations and partnership relationship management across the full distribution lifecycle.
Supported growth of Oxygen’s online business through content partnerships (video, music, blogs, etc); successfully funded expansion with sponsorships and strategic partnerships.

EDUCATION & TRAINING
             Bucknell University •  Lewisburg, PA                             Investment Banking Institute, New York, NY
             Bachelor of Arts, Economics                                                 Financial Analysis, Valuation & Advanced Financial Modeling

SELECT PLATFORM & ECOSYSTEM PARTNERSHIPS
TikTok   •   Meta   •   Snap   •   Google   •   YouTube   •   Amazon.  •.  Live Nation.  •.  Airbnb
Fanatics   •   Visa.  •.  American Express   •   Rakuten   •   Fanatics
